Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI here!
Within all the humans in the world
I heard that March is the season for graduation and partings
Partings... are saddening, right?
Because I always get cheered up by everyone...
I also want to encourage others
With that being said, today, I, Kizuna Ai will...
I will be cheering you on!
Yes, that's right. I am "furefureai" (furefure = hooray hooray - cheering on)
Well then, without further ado, let's go!
[To the you who is approaching school graduation]
The you over there and the you over there! Who, from now, are approaching graduation...
With graduation, you might branch into separate pathways from your friends and...
there will also be times where you will feel lonely... BUT!
IT'S OKAY!
HOORAY! HOORAY!! (cheering you on/up)
To everyone who is approaching their graduation!
Hooray~ hooray~ everyone!
YAAAAAAAAYYYYY!!!!
Surely even at your next destination, you'll be able to make friends
And if you have something like LINE, you'll be fine!
[To the you who'll be separating from your home town]
The you over there! And the you over there! Those who will be saying their farewells to the place they've spent many years in and are deeply familiarised with
Separating from the area you who've grown accustomed to is saddening... right?
BUT IT'S OKAY!!
Hooray~ hooray~
To the people who are separating from their home town!
Hooray! Hooray! Everyone!
Hooray~ Hooray~ Everyone!
Oooohhhhh!!! (๑˃ᴗ˂)ﻭ
The city you live in! In 3 years~
You'll say something like "This is my second home town"
...Probably
[To the people who are heading toward a job transfer]
The you over there and the you over there!! Who are approaching a workplace transfer from now
If you're worrying about whether you will be able to work well at your new workplace...
Or familiarising with the workplace...
You may be thinking about worries such as these... BUT!
IT'S OKAY!
Hooray~! Hooray~!
To everyone who is approaching a job transfer!
Hooray~ hooray~ everyone!
Hooray! Hooray! Everyone!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!! (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
Even if you worry or become uneasy...
The chances that the company will be destroyed in 10 years is...
Is said to be 96%!
That's why it's okayyy!!!
*A.I.Channel <3*
Thank you for always supporting me!
Even if it gets tough, or you get sad
You'll always be coming to visit A.I.Channel, right??
With no part of me changing
In order to send a smile to everyone...
I'll do my best!
Well then! This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by SushiPlox